To create a second name for the variable or method.
alias
Designates code that must be run unconditionally at the beginning of the program before any other.
BEGIN
starts a case statement; this block of code will output a result and end when it's terms are fulfilled, which are defined with when or else.
case
Opens a class definition block, which can later be reopened and added to with variables and even functions.
class
A boolean logic function that asks whether or not a targeted expression refers to anything recognizable in Ruby; i.e. literal object, local variable that has been initialized, method name visible from the current scope, etc.
defined?
Gives an "otherwise" within a function, if-statement, or for-loop, i.e. if cats = cute, puts "Yay!" else puts "Oh, a cat."
else
Much like else, but has a higher precedence, and is usually paired with terms.
elsif
A loop constructor; used in for-loops.
for
Used with for, helps define a for-loop.
in
Boolean negation. i.e. not true # false, not 10 # false, not false # true.
not
Boolean or. Differs from || in that or has lower precedence.
or
Designates an exception-handling clause that can occur either inside a begin<code>/<code>end block, inside a method definition (which implies begin), or in modifier position (at the end of a statement).
rescue
Called from a method, searches along the method lookup path (the classes and modules available to the current object) for the next method of the same name as the one being executed. Such method, if present, may be defined in the superclass of the object's class, but may also be defined in the superclass's superclass or any class on the upward path, as well as any module mixed in to any of those classes.
super
The sole instance of the special class TrueClass. true encapsulates Boolean truth; however, <emph>all</emph> objects in Ruby are true in the Boolean sense (informally, they cause an if test to succeed), with the exceptions of false and nil.
true
The negative equivalent of if. i.e. unless y.score > 10 puts "Sorry; you needed 10 points to win." end.
unless
Called from inside a method body, yields control to the code block (if any) supplied as part of the method call. If no code block has been supplied, calling yield raises an exception.
yield
